{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2709
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c90196;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw16840\paperh23820\margl1440\margr1440\vieww37900\viewh21300\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
POM\
\
    => Config File\
    => Java Clases \
       - Pages. (Main, Test, project level)\
   => Wrappers\
        - Generic\
        - Project specific\
  => Reports\
  => Logging\
  => Resources\
  => Suite\
          - SmokTest.xml\
          - Regtest.xml\
          - Sanity Test.xml\
          - patchtest\
\
Appium Project Structure\
\
=> Main\
      - Java\
      - Base (basetest.java)\
 => AppiumDriverfactory.java\
       - Pages (login, homepage/screens\'85..etc)\
=>ConfigReader\
=>ScreenshotUtil.java\
     - config.properties\
     - Capabilities.json\
     - testdata.json\
=> Test\
      - logintest.java\
      - Hometest.java\
=>TestNGlisteners.java\
      - resources\
        Testing.xml\
\
\
Test Cases for Login Screen\
 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Q1. What drives you to keep working? \cb1 \
\cb3 Q2. Have you ever been in a point of conflict with anyone like your colleagues / Manager or anyone ? How you handled it.\cb1 \
\cb3 Q3. Have you ever worked after office hours? Is this ethical??\cb1 \
\cb3 Q4. Have you ever been through a moment when you got feedback from your manager and what were your actions on it?\cb1 \
\cb3 Q5. Suppose you have a ML model that takes some data as input, process it and provide output. How will you test this ML model?\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Q6. Questions on pytest marker\cb1 \
\cb3 Q7. Questions on pytest fixture\cb1 \
\cb3 Q8. How to create customised marker\cb1 \
\cb3 Q9. Scope in Pytest\cb1 \
\cb3 Q10. Parametrize fixture\cb1 \
\cb3 Q11. Can we create and tear down instance within one fixture\cb1 \
\cb3 Q12. How to skip a test\cb1 \
\cb3 Q13. How we can automatically run a fixture\cb1 \
\cb3 Q14. Given code and asked whether it is correct or have any error\cb1 \
\cb3 Q15. System -> take image input, swap images and give output\cb1 \
\cb3  -> Test cases from user perspective\cb1 \
\cb3  ->\'a0 Image sent by AWS API to backend services, fetch some data, process it and provide output through some API.\cb1 \
\cb3  - Test this system E2E\cb1 \
\cb3  -\'a0 What all type of testing you will do and how you will set up automation\cb1 \
\cb3 Q16. Puzzle:\cb1 \
\cb3 You have 1 football ground, 8 teams, total time of all the matches should be 10 hours and the final match is 2 hours. How you will organize all the matches\cb1 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
    \

\f1\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 1) Explain OOPS concepts \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 2) Why overloading is called complile time polymorphism \cb1 \
\cb3 3) What are the new changes from selenium 3 to selenium 4 \cb1 \
\cb3 4) How do you do actions like click and right click in selenium.WAP \cb1 \
\cb3 5) How to do a copy paste in selenium. WAP \cb1 \
\cb3 6) What language is used in CI/CD pipeline script \cb1 \
\cb3 7) Can you write the script for pipeline. \cb1 \
\cb3 8) How do you integrate the source code with jenkins \cb1 \
\cb3 9) Have you setup pipeline with jenkins \cb1 \
\cb3 10) How will you decide on a programming language and tool for automation with a challenging client.\cb1 \
\cb3 11) What changes have you done in automation framework to improve it.\
\
}